girls all pressing you two
I believe the promised video fibers as
once laid out a video when i was
wound up in general will be large curls
such big sex just don't know the mountains
hour league write where we will do
large lacquer would deal with mascara
who can use curlers
the basis of all this is solely what
need to pour the hair will be away from the face and not
it is important with what shall we say since the drug is not
with what technique will it be?
do it like it's woken up in this
there will be an iron or it will be a curling all
no matter the principle is obtained
the same locks are important so that they are
cock interrupts power
my gosh i 'm talking about heats up these
Jacques I will apply to my hair now I will apply
a little bit of oil on the tip is not enough
so that they do not cut so I do not know
many say that someone cooks it
spoils the hair that's when I apply oil
Before this, someone says the opposite
does not spoil but my hair does not spoil
do not split and when I did not cut my hair
a year and a half the frame has not split
so draw your own conclusions I'm all on
own let's say so we study cash
I leaned on I leave the iron at 190 degrees
from the ideal temperature to
my hair did n't spoil in order
there is a need for its average temperature
which helps me for curling hair
she will need a comb quickly
brush hair
when I start stupor rear 3 then
turn already to the strand could street i
I'll probably speed up the video to make it
everything was much faster
all each main this part too all
the rest should be like, well, in general, all
as they are twisted the main thing that they
lay neatly the main part
the latter is important for and so that
it was not to the contrary on behalf letgo
so the hour so let's say a little bit
under fill because me it is not yet
very out
that's the main thing that it is thank God we were
the main thing that it all lay under
so that waves
they, on the contrary, departed from this person
side to be done exactly the same
nothing changes
Now you need to make out all this hair
oh navarat sorted it out with your fingers
neatly so as not to unravel here simply
exactly
disassemble
and here's how you can see immediately the effect of such
that hair, they do not age on behalf of the other way around
they try to crawl away from the shorter they
try to be on behalf of that is they go
backwards
waves in not only hairstyle very
suitable because of the form in principle
this business long enough to be in
convenient place is natural to me
long habit I used to do it
baths and near the mirror and if it is a matter of
familiar place without a camera and this
It turns out well, minutes to the world on
ten to fifteen is the maximum but
that the hair is alive as if they do not need
already spraying varnishes than i am yet
previously
sprayed with mousse that showed you
your when then nowhere how would they
keep all day and then tomorrow
they will surely still hold this
Basically, all of your interviewed you show
because well, in general, everything is extreme
simple and this has long been told
but I don’t know such a hairstyle
suitable because I like hair
how are they laid in large curls
nor do they get confused
You can easily comb their friend
so I do not know that she also liked
I see great as it seemed
the main thing again I explain what you need
spinning strands from your face that's why you
all I wanted to show you, I hope
that you liked in all very much
I love everybody and kisses